Continuing on from the last video we got the three files created for the common, the dev and the prod.
And now we need to figure out a way of how to be combining these files so that all the common configuration
can be injected into the dev or different configurations.
Now for that, we need to be installing an additional tool.
So let me just open up my terminal right here and I'm going to be seeing as npm install save dev and
this library is called us Webpack.
Mouch.
So that's what we need.
Let's install that.
And please note I'm doing all this changes again in the same folder.
9.4.
So if you get stuck, you can just open up the folder and you'll have the final output.
Okay, now we have the installation done.
Now what are we going to be doing?
Is going to be going to our dev config and import the plugin.
So we'll say coincide equals to required.
That that much.
And in here, we are going to be importing.
We are doing the named import of a function called as much.
Okay.
So we have the function imported.
Now we also need to be importing the configuration itself.
So that means we need to be importing this Webpack common node.js.
So what I do yet is contact common config equals to require dart slash.
And in this we point to the web back dart common.
We do not really need the dogs because that's automatically appended at the end.
Okay.
So we have the common config.
We have the merge function.
Now how do we use it?
Well, it's quite straightforward.
In the module dart exports, we are going to be typing in here as much.
And this is going to be a function.
So just like that, let me just move that down.
And we need to be first passing in the common configuration to this function.
So as a common config, then put up a comma and then we need to be adding the second configuration.
So that is this right here.
So let me just cut that and paste that configuration object within it.
So just make sure you do not have the semicolon at the end so we can remove that and just formatted
and save that file.
Okay.
So that that's pretty much it actually we can do the same thing in prod.
So I just go to the Webpack prod import modifiers, so you'll see the contrast, then put up the braces
equal to require.
That back march and then we import the function mulch and also import the common configuration.
So I would say common conflict equals to.
Dart slash the back dart.
Common as usual.
We also need to be making the changes in our model, not export.
So I'll move there.
Don't say much.
Make it a function pass in the common config, then a comma.
And then this second configuration object which is related to a parrot.
I just got it.
And then let me just paste it right here.
Okay.
Let me just fix up the formatting a bit and we are sort of done.
Congratulations.
Now let's make sure that things are working as expected.
So just clear off this console and now to run.
Now, if you remember in our package audition, we are having two configurations or two scripts.
We have the dev script and the product script.
So in here I'll say npm, run dev.
So let's see how that works.
Now, as you see, as soon as I ran the script, the analyzer plugin kicked in and it's showing us the
analysis of the bundles.
So I can just go back to our voice code and just to make sure that things are working as expected,
I can open up the dist folder and for example, if I just open up any of the GC files, you can see
that everything is pretty much readable.
You know, you have all these comments.
Then you have like a lot of gold in here, but everything seems sort of readable.
Not, not very well, but it's sort of readable.
So that means it's a development build.
Now, similarly, if I just stopped a server.
Because we have the analyses overrunning.
Now, let me clear that off.
And this time I'm going to say.
And PM run proud.
Okay.
So let's do that.
Right there.
And in this, you can also take a notice of one more thing, this configuration file that gets picked
up.
So we have the Webpack.
Let me just scroll back up.
So we have the Webpack config and that backdoor prodigious.
And also if you notice as soon as I ran that we got the asset folder created and all the files have
been named as well according to the production environment.
And if I just open up any of the JavaScript files now, for example, this index, well you can see
that it's also minified and nothing is actually readable.
So that's about it.
How we are going to be splitting the files between the development and the production environment.
So I hope you found that really useful and exciting.
And you can take this upper level where you can be adding additional configurations to your files so
you can have maybe like additional plugins set up as well, such as the environment plugin that I mentioned
earlier.
So with this you should be having a very good understanding of the pack, all the major things that
are out there in the pack.
And now you can just go to any of the plugins or any of the loaders and go ahead and implement them
just by looking at the documentation.
And it's not going to be really very hard.
So I'm done with this production section and we're just going to be having a conclusion in the next
video.